Added GabTag, Slate, updated 2048 and Norka (#397)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [gedit](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/gedit/gedit) - Easy-to-use and general-purpose text editor for the GNOME desktop `#c` `#gtk3`.
- [GNOME Text Editor](https://apps.gnome.org/TextEditor) - Simple text editor that focuses on session management `#c` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [MousePad](https://flathub.org/en/apps/org.xfce.mousepad) - Simple text editor for the Xfce desktop `#c` `#gtk3`.

> - [Norka](https://tenderowl.com/work/norka) - Continuous text editor for the GNOME desktop and elementary OS `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Norka](https://flathub.org/en/apps/com.github.tenderowl.norka) - Continuous text editor for the GNOME desktop and elementary OS `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

Use Flathub link to showcase modern look.
